docs/getting_started.md, before:


# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

1. Python 3.7
2. Configure AWS Account credentials when testing with AWS platforms,
   check default section in `~/.aws/credentials` for access/secret key
   [check aws-configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).
3. oc client binary is installed on your localhost and binary is listed in $PATH
   (running oc version on terminal should display version > 3.11).
   Latest client can be downloaded from [oc-client](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/latest/).

## Installing

It is recommended that you use a python virtual environment to install the necessary dependencies

1. Setup a python 3.7 virtual environment. This is actually quite easy to do
    now. Use hidden `.venv` or normal `venv` folder for virtual env as we are
    ignoring this in flake8 configurtation in tox.

    * `python3.7 -m .venv <path/to/venv>`
    * `source <path/to/.venv>/bin/activate`

2. Install requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Initial Setup

### OCS-CI config

Configure your ocs-ci.yaml file:

This file is used to allow configuration around a number of things within ocs-ci.
The template can be found at the top level of the repository, `ocs-ci.yaml.template`.
The required keys are in the template. Values are placeholders and should be replaced by legitimate values.
Values for report portal or polarion are only required if you plan on posting to that particular service.

Move a copy of the template to your user directory and edit it from there with the proper values.

```bash
cp ocs-ci.yaml.template ~/.ocs-ci.yaml
```

### Pull Secret

In order to deploy a cluster to AWS with the Openshift Installer,
you will need to download the pull secret for your account.
Download this file from [openshift.com](https://cloud.openshift.com/clusters/install)
and place in the `data` directory at the root level of the project.
If there is no `data` directory, create one.
The name of the file should be `pull-secret`.

## Tests

### AWS and CentralCI Authentication files

AWS and CentralCI Authentication files will reside in users home dir and will be used by
CLI option

### Cluster Configuration

Cluster configuration that defines Openshift/Kubernetes Cluster along with Ceph Configuration
will reside in conf/ folder, This is still a work in progress.

### Test Suites

All test suite configurations are found inside the `suites` directory.

```yaml
tests:
- test:
    name: install OCS
    desc: Minimal installation of OCS
    module: test_ocs_basic_install.py
    config:
      installer-version: v0.16.1
      destroy-cluster: False
```

Commit message:

Check for pull-secret file in ocsci-data as well and raise exception if we cannot find in required dir's.
Signed-off-by: Vasu Kulkarni <vasu@redhat.com>

docs/getting_started.md, after:


# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

1. Python 3.7
2. Configure AWS Account credentials when testing with AWS platforms,
   check default section in `~/.aws/credentials` for access/secret key
   [check aws-configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).
3. oc client binary is installed on your localhost and binary is listed in $PATH
   (running oc version on terminal should display version > 3.11).
   Latest client can be downloaded from [oc-client](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/latest/).

## Installing

It is recommended that you use a python virtual environment to install the necessary dependencies

1. Setup a python 3.7 virtual environment. This is actually quite easy to do
    now. Use hidden `.venv` or normal `venv` folder for virtual env as we are
    ignoring this in flake8 configurtation in tox.

    * `python3.7 -m .venv <path/to/venv>`
    * `source <path/to/.venv>/bin/activate`

2. Install requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Initial Setup

### OCS-CI config

Configure your ocs-ci.yaml file:

This file is used to allow configuration around a number of things within ocs-ci.
The template can be found at the top level of the repository, `ocs-ci.yaml.template`.
The required keys are in the template. Values are placeholders and should be replaced by legitimate values.
Values for report portal or polarion are only required if you plan on posting to that particular service.

Move a copy of the template to your user directory and edit it from there with the proper values.

```bash
cp ocs-ci.yaml.template ~/.ocs-ci.yaml
```

### Pull Secret

In order to deploy a cluster to AWS with the Openshift Installer,
you will need to download the pull secret for your account.
Download this file from [openshift.com](https://cloud.openshift.com/clusters/install)
and place in the `data` directory at the root level of the project
If there is no `data` directory, create one or you can place the file in
`$HOME/ocsci-data/`.
The name of the file should be `pull-secret`.

## Tests

### AWS and CentralCI Authentication files

AWS and CentralCI Authentication files will reside in users home dir and will be used by
CLI option

### Cluster Configuration

Cluster configuration that defines Openshift/Kubernetes Cluster along with Ceph Configuration
will reside in conf/ folder, This is still a work in progress.

### Test Suites

All test suite configurations are found inside the `suites` directory.

```yaml
tests:
- test:
    name: install OCS
    desc: Minimal installation of OCS
    module: test_ocs_basic_install.py
    config:
      installer-version: v0.16.1
      destroy-cluster: False
```
